# Project1git 
<Blackjack>: This is a blackjack card game. In this game, there are two players which are the dealer(system/computer) and player(you). The goal of the game is to get a score(sum of cards) higher than the opponent without exceeding 21 points and if the player's(you) score exceeds 21 points the player(you) automatically loses  regardless of the  dealer's score and if the dealer's score exceeds 21 points and player's(you) don't the player wins and if neither the dealer and player  exceed 21 points the one with  the highest score win  and if both dealer and player have the same score then it's a draw . At the beginning of the game, the dealer and player are given 2 cards each randomly and  one of the cards of the dealer is hidden. The hidden card of the dealer is revealed when the Stand button is clicked on. Each number card is worth it's value like a 2 card is 2 points and face cards (card without number) like queen,king and jack is 10 points and ace card is 11 points. There is a Hit button, which allows the dealer and player to get another card when clicked on  as long as dealer's score is less than 18 points and player's score is less than 21 points. There is a Stand button which when clicked on ends the game  and the hidden card of the dealer is revealed, the score of both dealer and player are revealed and who won the game is revealed as well. There is also a New Game button that when clicked on gives you a new game to play.
Screenshot(s): Screen Shot 2023-01-12 at 5.00.15 PM.png, Screen Shot 2023-01-12 at 5.00.25 PM.png.
Technologies Used: I used HTML to structure the blackjack game web pages, CSS to style it and Javascript for the functionality(behaviour) of the blackjack game.
Getting Started: Here is the deployed link of the game https://victor402.github.io/Project-1/
Next Steps: I plan on enhancing the CSS styling of the game and possibly adding more players to the game. 